docs: Add documentation for Canvas Integration plugin (#19)
mitodl/open-edx-plugins: src/ol_openedx_canvas_integration/README.rst

ol_openedx_canvas_integration
=============================

A django app plugin to add ``Canvas Integration`` support in edx-platform.

**NOTE:**

Since the edx-platform’s ``Instructor Dashboard`` does not support the plugin based tabs so we had to make some changes in the edx-platform itself to add ``Canvas`` tab through the plugin.

The ``edx-platform`` branch/tag you're using must include below commit for ``ol-openedx-canvas-integration`` plugin to work properly:

- https://github.com/mitodl/edx-platform/commit/5b8acfceb7fcebab6b5e3aff0493876f439f2b80

Installation
------------

You can install it into any Open edX instance by using any of the following two methods:

> - To get the latest stable release from PyPI

Author: Created a tech debt ticket against this https://github.com/mitodl/open-edx-plugins/issues/22

.. code-block::

    pip install ol-openedx-canvas-integration

- To create & install a build locally

.. code-block::

    # Open Terminal

    1. Navigate to "open-edx-plugins" directory
    2. Run ./pants build  # Do this if you haven’t run it already
    3. Run ./pants package ::  # This will create a "dist" directory inside "open-edx-plugins" directory with ".whl" & ".tar.gz" format packages for all the "ol_openedx_*" plugins in "open-edx-plugins/src")
    4. Install the "ol-openedx-canvas-integration" using any of ".whl" or ".tar.gz" files generated in the above step

Dependencies
------------

> Once you’ve installed the plugin you will need set some configuration values as mentioned below.
> 
> .. code-block::
> 
>     1) Set the value for "CANVAS_ACCESS_TOKEN" into your environment variable  # This can be done through lms.yml or private.py
>     2) Set the value for "CANVAS_BASE_URL"  # This will be the URL of your Canvas instance
>     3) Go to Studio "http://localhost:18010" -> Open a course and navigate to "Advanced Settings" -> Set value for `canvas_course_id`  # This should be the id of a course that exists on Canvas

Reviewer: This can be more descriptive and readable

```suggestion
**1) edx-platform configuration**

Add the following configuration values to the config file in Open edX. For any release after Juniper, that config file is ``/edx/etc/lms.yml``. These should be added to the top level. **Ask a fellow developer or devops for these values.**

.. code-block::
    
    CANVAS_ACCESS_TOKEN: <some access token value>
    CANVAS_BASE_URL: <the base URL where Canvas is running>

**2) Add course settings value**
1) Open your course in Studio.
2) Navigate to "Advanced Settings".
3) Add a `canvas_course_id` value. This should be the id of a course that exists on Canvas.
```

How To Use
----------

1. Install ``ol-openedx-canvas-integration`` plugin & set the configurations mentioned above

2. In Studio(``http://localhost:18010``) create/navigate to a course and create some ``graded assignments/quizzes``

3. In LMS (``http://localhost:18000``), open the above course, navigate to ``Instructor`` tab & make sure that you see ``Canvas`` underneath

> 4. Clicking the ``Canvas`` tab should present you with a multiple buttons ``List enrolments on Canvas``, ``Merge enrolment list using Canvas``, ``Overload enrolment list using Canvas``, ``Push all MITx grades to Canvas``, ``List Canvas assignments``
> 
>     4.1) Clicking ``List enrolments on Canvas`` button should list all the enrollments for the course on Canvas
> 
>     4.2) Clicking ``Merge enrolment list using Canvas`` should enroll all the users that are present on edX. For the users that doesn’t exist on edX it will create `CourseEnrollmentAllowed` object
> 
>     4.3) Clicking ``Overload enrolment list using Canvas`` will manage both enroll and unenroll
> 
>     4.4) Clicking ``Push all MITx grades to Canvas`` will create those assignments/quizes in Canvas that don’t exist there and then it will created/update the user grades for those assignments/quizes in the Canvas (Make sure that the assignment that you’re syncing grades for has a `Published` status on Canvas)
> 
>     4.5) Clicking ``List Canvas assignments`` will show a dropdown of all the assignments that are present on Canvas and upon clicking an assignment in dropdown a list of grades will be printed.

Reviewer: If buttons are changed/removed/added, it will be very easy to forget to update this bit of documentation. I think we should instead be documenting the behavior of these buttons on the page itself via labels or something like that. That might be another thing we'll want a tech debt ticket for. In the meantime, we can make this more brief

```suggestion
Some of the functionality available in this tab:

- ``List enrollments on Canvas`` - Show all enrollments for the course on Canvas.
- ``Merge enrollment list using Canvas`` - Enroll all the users that are present on edX. For the users that don't exist on edX, a `CourseEnrollmentAllowed` object will be created.
- ``Overload enrollment list using Canvas`` - Ensure that enrollment records in edX match the enrollments in Canvas (i.e.: create any enrollments that exist in Canvas but don't exist in edX, and delete enrollments that exist in edX but not in Canvas)
- ``Push all MITx grades to Canvas`` - Ensure that Canvas has the equivalent assignments/quizzes for the course, and create/update the user grades for those assignments/quizzes in Canvas (The assignmentsmust have a `Published` status on Canvas)
- ``List Canvas assignments`` - Show a dropdown of all the assignments that are present on Canvas, and upon selecting an assignment, show a list of grades.
```

Author: Created a tech debt ticket for it https://github.com/mitodl/open-edx-plugins/issues/23
